Update docs to reflect vault and consul compatibility (#15826)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/connect/connect-ca-provider.mdx

## Configuring Vault as a Connect CA (Consul K8s 0.37.0 and earlier)

> ~> **Compatibility note:** If you use Vault 1.11.0+ as a Consul's Connect CA, you may encounter an issue generating the leaf certificates ([GH-15525](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/pull/15525)). Upgrade your [Consul version that includes the fix](https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us/articles/11308460105491#01GMC24E6PPGXMRX8DMT4HZYTW) to avoid running into this problem. 

Author: ```suggestion
If you use Vault 1.11.0+ as a Consul's Connect CA, versions of Consul released before Dec 13, 2022 will develop an issue with Consul control plane or service mesh communication ([GH-15525](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/pull/15525)). Use or upgrade to a [Consul version that includes the fix](https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us/articles/11308460105491#01GMC24E6PPGXMRX8DMT4HZYTW) to avoid this problem.
```

> If you use Vault 1.11.0+ as a Consul's Connect CA, versions of Consul released before Dec 13, 2022 will develop an issue with Consul control plane or service mesh communication ([GH-15525](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/pull/15525)). Use or upgrade to a [Consul version that includes the fix](https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us/articles/11308460105491#01GMC24E6PPGXMRX8DMT4HZYTW) to avoid this problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use Vault 1.11.0+ as Consul's Connect CA, versions of Consul released before Dec 13, 2022 will develop an issue with Consul control plane or service mesh communication ([GH-15525](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/pull/15525)). Use or upgrade to a [Consul version that includes the fix](https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us/articles/11308460105491#01GMC24E6PPGXMRX8DMT4HZYTW) to avoid this problem.
```
